Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
KIM: So. you're the cop?
- Ex cop.
- (EXCLAIMS IN KOREAN)
ELLIOT: Jesus Christ!
SHANNON: It's happening
all over London.
HENRY: So far.
we have over 300 fatalities.
but that figure's
bound to rise.
This is the man we believe
brought this cocaine
into the country.
The police will make our lives
hell for what happened.
That cocaine
was deliberately spiked.
By whom?
ELLIOT: That's what
I intend to find out.
LUAN: I'm gonna make them pay.
You boys is trespassing.
- (GUNSHOT)
- (GROANS)
Phone.
There's only one number.
Call it.
Sean?
Last night's spiking
was Sean's doing.
and someone on the outside
helped him.
We still going ahead with this?
Oh. yeah.
ELLIOT: Recognise him?
Tell me his name.
SEAN: That was your wife?
It wasn't a hit and a run.
Tell me
or I'll fucking kill you!
Sean!
(SIRENS WAILING)
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
(RINGING SOUND)
(HEAVY BREATHING)
(GUNSHOTS)
(GRUNTING)
(GROANS)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(YELLS)
(GROANS)
(GRUNTING)
(PANTING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER OUTSIDE)
CORNELIUS: Come on. boy.
Sean. it's all right. It's us.
CORNELIUS: Come on. son.
We gotta go.
- SEAN: Jesus.
- This way.
Come on.
OFFICER 1: (ON RADIO)
All units. Code 2.
I repeat. a Code 2.
Officers down. Seven dead.
One injured...
OFFICER 2: You. stay here.
Let's go.
SEAN: You set everything up.
like I said?
All done.
Money. guns.
We're going
to the helicopter now.
London won't know
what fucking hit it.
(BILLY EXCLAIMS)
SEAN: What the fuck's...
(GUNSHOTS)
MAN: Block! Point! Driver!
What's going on?
Fucking Albanians!
Lay down.
There's a grey BMW.
Round the block.
Key's under the front wing.
You get it started.
we'll follow you. Go on.
(GROANS)
Go!
- Go. go. go. go!
- (SHOUTING)
Go!
(SPEAKING ALBANIAN)
(SIRENS WAILING)
(SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY)
(ARTAN YELLING)
(SPEAKING ALBANIAN)
Whoa.
Hey.
(IN ENGLISH) Fuck off.
(SPEAKING ALBANIAN)
Sean!
I'm only interested in the man
that killed Naomi and Samuel
and who ordered it.
You give me his name.
I'll help you get away.
(GROANS)
(GUNSHOT)
(SEAN GRUNTS)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(GROANS)
(MUFFLED GROANS)
(PANTING)
Listen!
I meant what I said.
You tell me what I need to know.
I'll help you
get out of the city.
I'll tell you.
If you help me first.
(ARTAN SPEAKING ALBANIAN)
(GRUNTING)
(GROANS)
ELLIOT: Sean! Sean!
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(PANTING)
(GRUNTING)
Tell Luan I said
no one touches Sean Wallace!
(GROANS)
(EXCLAIMS)
BILLY: Where's Sean?
He's not here.
We can't leave without him.
We gotta go.
We gotta go fucking now!
He'll meet us at the helicopter.
(LUAN SPEAKING ALBANIAN)
(YELLS)
Okay?
OFFICER: We have a man
severely injured.
He's one of the gang members.
PARAMEDIC: (ON COMMS) Multiple
gunshot wounds on trauma one.
On the way to hospital. Over.
Don't worry.
You're gonna be okay.
What are you doing? We've got...
ELLIOT: Switch on your siren.
Start driving.
(GUN COCKS)
Now.
Okay.
(SIREN WAILING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
- SEAN: Hey.
- BOY: Oh. shit.
SEAN: Hey. Hey.
You want to earn
some money. mate?
I don't know you. bruv.
Ten grand.
I'll give you ten grand.
(SCOFFS) You what?
Fuck off. big man.
before I call the mandem.
Hey. listen. Do you know
who Sean Wallace is?
That's me. I'm Sean Wallace.
Check your phone.
I'm all over the Internet.
If you help me now. I'll give
you ten thousand pounds.
Help you how?
I need some money
to get across London.
Two hundred.
I need it now.
If I help you. I want twenty G.
Twenty grand.
All right. follow me.
Open up.
You wait here.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(DOOR OPENS)
(GUN COCKS)
Smoke him. Giddy. Do it.
Just be calm.
Don't you fucking move.
If you kill me now.
you'll lose twenty grand.
We're not losing nothing. bitch.
There's two mill on your head.
What do you mean?
The Albanians. you know?
'Cause you poisoned
all that gear.
Nah. I didn't poison anything.
I had nothing to do with that.
Four million.
I'll give you four million.
(LAUGHS)
Listen to this wasteman.
Begging for coin and then acting
like he's a millionaire.
You know who my family are.
don't you?
I'm a fucking Wallace.
you know that. right?
All I know
is that you're my payday.
But right now. smoke him. Giddy.
Or give me the skeng
and I'll do it.
No. I'm doing it.
I can fucking do it.
SEAN: Hey. hey.
(INDISTINCT SHOUTING)
- GIRL: Oh. shit!
- (GIDEON GROANS)
(GRUNTING)
(INDISTINCT SHOUTING)
(PANTING)
GIDEON: Hey.
catch that motherfucker.
(GRUNTS. GROANS)
Fuck!
ELLIOT: Let's go.
Open it.
Okay. it's okay. mate.
What's going on?
Why have we stopped?
What's...
- Oh...
- ELLIOT: Move.
You two. up there.
Sit down.
Keep your mouth shut.
Don't fucking move.
He needs that oxygen.
Fuck did I just say?
Can you hear me?
I know you helped break him out.
Where are they taking Sean?
I don't know.
Listen. I'm only gonna ask you
one more time.
But I don't know. I don't.
(DEVICE BEEPS)
You can't just
turn that thing on.
Don't worry.
I know what I'm doing.
SEAMUS: I told you...
I don't know anything.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(GROANS) I swear.
(SCREAMS)
You'll kill him.
(GROANING. PANTING)
MALE PARAMEDIC: You'll kill him
like this!
- ELLIOT: Fuck.
- Please...
(SCREAMING)
(GROANING)
Shh.
Where...
is he going?
(PANTING) Okay. okay. okay.
okay. okay. okay.
Please. please...
(WHIMPERING)
(MAN SPEAKING KURDISH)
(LALE SPEAKING KURDISH)
(MAN SPEAKING)
- (MUSIC PLAYING)
- (INDISTINCT CHATTER)
SEAN: Close the door.
Someone's trying to frame me
for this cocaine spiking.
I had nothing to do with it.
I don't care.
Look. I really regret
what I did to you.
And I'm gonna make things right.
Just tell me what you want.
Car and some cash.
I don't have much time.
My car is up front.
you can take it.
There is money in the safe.
I know what I did was wrong.
I know.
You have no fucking idea.
(GRUNTS) I have to get away
from here.
But I'll be back.
I'll make things right with you.
I promise.
- (GUNSHOT)
- (GROANS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(MEN SPEAKING IN KURDISH)
(MERWAN SPEAKING KURDISH)
(IN KURDISH)
(MEN SPEAKING KURDISH)
(PANTING)
BILLY: Liam. I know she's here.
- She's not here. Billy.
- Of course she's fucking here.
You're here.
these fucking goons are here.
Where the fuck else
is she gonna be?
I just need
five minutes with her.
I'm sorry.
You've heard
the Albanians have put a bounty
out on Sean's head. right?
He's been stitched
up for a spiking
he didn't fucking do.
Now he's out there on his own
with no money and no phone.
Just give me a few of your guys
to help me go find him
because we need
to catch up with him
before someone else does.
You need to talk to your mother
about that.
That's what he's trying
to fucking do.
I'll tell her you called. Billy.
BILLY: Fuck's sake.
Anything fucking happens to Sean
and you're to blame!
I told you we shouldn't have
fucking come here.
She'd never fucking help.
You fucking bitch!
Calm the fuck down. Billy.
Come on.
(CAR DOOR CLOSES)
ED: Hundreds have died.
Luan has lost a child.
All because of Sean.
Whatever happens now
is all on him.
(SEAN BREATHING HEAVILY)
(PANTING)
(GROANING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING)
(WHIRRING)
(PHONE BUZZING)
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
They were taking Sean
to Greenwich.
so that's where he'll be headed.
Where abouts in Greenwich?
He didn't know.
I'll tell Faz and the others
to meet us there now.
Did you hear though?
Luan's put a bounty
of two million on Sean's head.
You fucking kidding me?
(PHONE BEEPS)
(RINGING)
LUAN: Elliot.
Luan. what part
of I need Sean alive...
Did you not understand?
I don't care what you want
or anyone else.
He killed my child.
So they're gonna pay for it.
Luan! Luan!
You got Sean?
I did. but he got away.
(SIGHING)
I shot him. so he won't be far.
I won't forget this. Lale.
Luan.
Just let me know when he's dead.
(INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
(LUAN SPEAKING ALBANIAN)
(ARTAN SPEAKING ALBANIAN)
(MUSIC PLAYING ON RADIO)
(DISTORTED NOISE AND ECHOES)
DEBORAH: Oh. good.
He's waking up. Ronnie.
Took you a while. love.
(DISTORTION ENDS ABRUPTLY)
Now. before you start whinging.
know that it's been
more than a decade
since I stitched up
a gunshot wound like that.
(GROANS AND GRUNTS SOFTLY)
You're lucky she didn't
stitch your face to her arse.
- (RONNIE CHUCKLES)
- Don't mind that codger.
He's just upset he can't spend
the whole day downstairs
in that bloody pub.
- RONNIE: Hmm.
- I've got tea
on the stove for you.
- Grab me a biscuit. will ya?
- Grab it yourself.
You lazy sod.
RONNIE: Fucking old cow.
Are you trying to catch flies?
- Where am I?
- I found you passed out
in the yard.
Thought you were legless.
till I saw all that blood.
I wanted to leave you there.
But the missus
wouldn't hear of it.
DEBORAH: Here you go.
Where's me biscuit?
Milk or sugar?
SEAN: Uh. what time is it?
- Six o'clock. love.
- SEAN: Oh. shit.
(GRUNTS)
DEBORAH: You need to rest.
I need to get to Greenwich
as soon as possible.
RONNIE: Off you totter.
'Cause your mug's
all over the telly.
I don't care.
I need to get there.
Where's my gun?
(SIGHS)
- (MUSIC CONTINUES ON RADIO)
- (RONNIE CLEARS THROAT)
No chance.
Ronnie will take you.
Why are you helping me?
There was a time
when we worshiped your father.
You speak for yourself.
DEBORAH: Finn was there
for our oldest
when he got himself in a pickle.
Now we're repaying that debt.
- Do you have a car?
- (DEBORAH CHUCKLES)
(LAUGHS) A car?
We haven't driven in years.
But Ronnie
worked down the tunnels.
He knows all the shortcuts.
He can get you
where you need to go.
Seeing as I got
no say in nothing.
I'll just go
and get my coat then. will I?
Thanks.
Just so we're clear.
I don't want you going around
telling people we helped ya.
Me and the missus have got
enough problems as it is.
- Where are you taking me?
- To the gutter.
SEAN: How long
till we get to Greenwich?
Rate you're moving.
about an hour.
Haven't got an hour.
You're welcome to get the bus
if you want.
Hold that. Turn it on.
(RONNIE GRUNTS)
I had that.
(ARTAN SPEAKING ALBANIAN)
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
ARTAN: (IN ENGLISH)
Move. move. move!
I'm looking for Sean Wallace.
We're not
a missing persons bureau.
If you want a drink. great.
Otherwise.
you know where the door is.
- Hmm.
- (LIGHTER CLICKS)
I've been standing up to bullies
long before you were even born.
(MAN CLEARS THROAT)
He's with Ronnie.
They went down the tunnels.
Bravo.
(CLICKS LIGHTER OFF)
(ARTAN SPEAKING ALBANIAN)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
MAN: Oh. here they are.
- About fucking time.
- We're waiting for one more.
MAN: Are you joking?
- We're on a tight window.
- He'll be here. Don't worry.
Look. I'm just saying.
if we're not ready
to take off by seven...
I am in no mood
for windy cunts right now.
So fuck off.
What if he doesn't make it?
He'll make it.
Don't you worry.
The name Sean Wallace
still means something.
Somebody will help him.
All we've got to do now...
is hold our nerve.
Stick to the plan.
Get Sean out of here.
regroup. and then we'll make
all them cunts pay.
Sean... you... me...
Soon we're gonna be boss
in this fucking city.
RONNIE: Which bit
of Greenwich you after?
SEAN: By the old wharf.
there's a pub.
RONNIE: Yeah. I know it.
SEAN: What is this place?
RONNIE: You never took
the tube to your fancy
private school then?
I know what the fucking tube is.
And it isn't this.
These are access tunnels.
Haven't been touched in decades.
You've got something
in common then.
Is it safe down here?
Feels like we might
catch the plague.
Don't stick your cock
in anything. if that's
what you're asking.
So what's the big plan. then?
SEAN: Get to Ireland.
I've got family
and friends there
who are willing to back me.
So you can return here.
and settle all your scores.
- Something like that.
- Mmm.
How do you know
about these tunnels?
Before I had the boozer.
I worked in sewage.
Not everyone's born a Wallace.
SEAN: So how come
you knew my father?
I didn't.
But where do you think
his cronies
used to hide their shite
back in the day?
In shit.
Bingo.
Bodies. blow. you name it.
SEAN: So you didn't
worship him then?
RONNIE: Deborah's words.
not mine.
Well. she said your son
got himself in a pickle.
Well. that's one way
of putting it.
He ran up drug debts
and your father wrote them off.
Is he okay now. your son?
He's dead.
Sorry.
I'm glad my father
wrote off his debt.
Yeah. Only after he put
those drugs on the street
in the first place.
Why are you helping me.
- if that's how you feel?
- 'Cause the missus said so.
You do everything
the missus tells you?
I take it you've
never been married.
ELLIOT: He's coming here
to Greenwich.
So I want all your eyes
on the street.
He might be in a car or on foot.
Whatever. I don't care.
I want him found.
and I want him alive.
- All right?
- MEN: Yes. boss.
- Go!
- MAN: Come on. you lot.
Jump in. Let's go. Come on.
What's wrong with your face?
Yo. if you've got
something to say. say it.
SABA: I hear you
about finding the guy.
- It just feels wrong.
- Which part?
Sean had your dad killed.
And my uncle.
Helping that piece of shit
stay alive just feels fucked up.
I say we kill him
and we just split that bounty.
My family were killed
in a hit and run...
by the same guy who killed
the driver that spiked
the cocaine.
SABA: Hey. I'm sorry. but...
Elliot. what does that have
to do with Sean?
- He said it wasn't an accident.
- And you trust him?
(SIGHS)
What's to say he's not trying
to fuck with your mind
right now?
Nothing.
But I can't risk finding out
that he isn't.
Please.
(SEAN GROANS AND PANTS)
How much further?
It's not far.
Just...
Just give me a second.
You want some advice?
- Have I got a choice?
- Not really.
SEAN: Enlighten me.
When you do get to Ireland.
just stay there.
Why?
Your father made it look easy
with all the charm and patter.
But to do what he did.
you have to be
a right proper cunt. too.
You think I can't be
a right proper cunt?
You don't fucking know me.
It's what my gut's telling me.
(CLANGING IN DISTANCE)
(INDISTINCT VOICES IN DISTANCE)
SEAN: Let's get out
of this shit! Come on.
- Someone's coming.
- Come on. son. Let's move it.
(SEAN GRUNTS)
Down here.
Come on. Let's move it. son.
To the left. there's a door
to the sewage system and out.
That will take you
where you need to be.
Come on! Over here.
(MEN APPROACHING)
(GUNFIRE)
- (BLOOD SPLATTERS)
- (RONNIE SCREAMS)
SEAN: Come on. get up! Get up.
Give me the keys. Quick.
(MEN SPEAKING ALBANIAN)
- SEAN: Which one?
- Silver one.
- SEAN: Go and fuck yourself.
- Square.
SEAN: Oh. fuck!
MAN: Come on!
Move in front. Do it!
SEAN: Come on!
(MAN SPEAKING ALBANIAN)
SEAN: Get in. Quick!
(SEAN LOCKS DOOR)
(MAN SPEAKING IN ALBANIAN)
Ronnie. Ronnie. come on.
No. go!
- (BANGING ON DOOR)
- RONNIE: I'm all right.
Go. No!
- Come on! Come on!
- Go!
(GUNFIRE CONTINUES)
We have to go now
or they won't let us take off.
I told you.
The window closes at seven.
You'll fucking wait.
(SEAN PANTING)
(SPEAKING ALBANIAN)
Stop. stop. stop. stop. stop.
There he is.
Sean. stop.
You're like a bad fucking penny.
Hey! What the fuck
are you doing?
PILOT: Guys. we have to go now.
If you wanna get
on that helicopter.
you tell me what I need to know.
What's his fucking name?
Tell me!
(GRUNTS)
(INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
(WOMAN SCREAMS)
That's fucking Sean.
Come on.
(SPEAKING ALBANIAN)
Fuck.
- Who the fuck was that?
- I don't know.
Elliot! Elliot?
Hey. hey.
(SABA SPEAKING FRENCH)
(SIREN WAILING)
(MONITOR BEEPING)
(ELLIOT BREATHING HEAVILY)
Hey.
Who the fuck are you?
What do you want?
Just tell me how much you want.
Name a figure and I'll pay.
MAN: I don't need your money.
Then what?
I can get you whatever you need.
(SIGHS AND SCOFFS)
MAN: Look at you now.
(SCOFFS)
The great Sean Wallace.
I. uh...
I thought it'd be difficult
getting you here.
Piece of piss.
You're not so special.
- Are you?
- (CELL PHONE VIBRATES)
SEAN: Five million.
Five million to let me go.
Ten million.
You can't kill me.
I'm a Wallace.
I'm Sean fucking Wallace!
I'm a proper fucking cunt!
(GUNSHOT)
(MELANCHOLY MUSIC PLAYING)
(SIGHS)
(MUSIC CONTINUES PLAYING)
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org